# LaTeX Advanced Workshop

Welcome to the advanced LaTeX workshop. 
This time around the presentation will be a more straightforward introduction to some of LaTeX's coolest abilities and packages. 

As in the previous workshop (available [here](https://github.com/humdrumcomet/LaTeXCodingSession)) all the code used to prepare the document and the presentation are available in this github repo.


To return to the previous workshop, click [here](https://github.com/humdrumcomet/LaTeXCodingSession).\
To return to the top level directory of the tutorials, click [here](https://github.com/humdrumcomet/LaTeXTutorialSeries).\

Note: To use the Carleton-Beamer Theme you must gather the necessary files from the github repo for it [here](https://github.com/humdrumcomet/CUBeamer).
Instructions for how to use the beamer theme are on the github readme page.

## Overview and Usage
This repo has 2 parts, a report and a slide deck.
Each `.tex` file will compile as standalones (the tikz images, the subfiles, and the
beamer presentation), but all (but the report) share the same preambles, glossary list, 
symbols list, acronyms, etc. using the packages `standalone` and `externalize`. The reason for this
is two-fold
1. to keep the code DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)
2. For compilation simplicity, to give a way to ocmpile pieces independantly to be able to
chek that they are working correctly
3. To make sure that any changes propagate throughout all the files

Its also setup to be nothing but relative paths, so that if you're synchronizing a folder across
multiple devices, this won't create an issue.

### Requirements
#### Main
Using the `main` branch, the code will compile on any system with a full TeX install present. It 
should work on Overleaf, Windows, Mac, or Linux. The code in this branch has also been set to use 
place holder figures where applicable, to simplify distribution. NOTE: Tikz images are generated by
code and so are still included in this branch.

#### With Assets
The branch `with-assets` makes use of a custom Carleton Beamer ([available here](https://github.com/humdrumcomet/CUBeamer))
which must be installed as per the instructions available at the CUBeamer repo. In addition to this
it makes use of figures and assets not distributed with the repo. It is left as additional usage example.

#### Compilation
The code included in this repo makes use of the LaTeX compilation tool [ARARA](https://github.com/islandoftex/arara)
but should compile without issue using latexmk, or other compilation tools.

## Authors and Organizers

* Ghassan Arnouk
* Alec Bales D'Cruze
* Aaron English
